# Digital Scholarship Porfolio: Kamran Saini

Welcome to my online for IASC 2P02!

## Interactive Study Guide

Explore my interactive study guide [here](2P02InteractiveStudyGuide).

## Interactive Genealogy

Explore my interactive genealogy [here](2P02_InteractiveGenealogy.html).

# Speculative Fiction

##  Speculative Fiction Apple Shop

It is another bright sunny day in New York city (2015). Mia is woken up by her iphone 6 alarm going off that was set for 7am since she needs to be at work at 8am. She finally decides to get up and get dressed at 7:15am and make some eggs and toast. Once she is done breakfast she grabs her bag that has her phone and car keys inside. She locks her micro apartment in the downtown area and locks the door behind her, she gets into her grey suv. On the way to work she takes the highway to get to her microsoft building, when she finally gets to work with one minute to spare. She meets with her boss Mr.Jhin who last week hired Mia for the position of administrative Assistant (which is basically the secretary job, so she deals with scheduling, messages & appointments). Her boss asks Mia to go down to the local Apple Shop to download the scheduling app called “Scheduling Coordinator” since there is no such thing as an App Store in this story. Mia has never done this before so she asks her boss more about this Apple Shop, which he explains that to download apps on her phone or the office phone you need to go plug your phone into the Apple Shop database and click on the app you want. Then once you have done that it will either make you pay or download it if it is free. Jhin says he needs Mia to get this “Scheduling Coordinator” app so that when people call her on the business phone she can set up the appointments or take notes using the Scheduling Coordinator app. Mia leaves the workplace in her suv again to head to the Apple Shop to download the apps. Once she gets there the shop is set up outside as well as inside almost like a gas station, people are in lines getting ready to plug their phone into the database to download the apps they need. Mia also realizes that they have a drive through line that allows you to drive up to the computer to plug in, like a drive through at a fastfood place. Mia decides to get into the drive through line since it will probably be faster. She finally gets to the front of the line and plugs her phone into the computer/database and she searches for the Scheduling Coordinator which pops up on the front page having 5 star reviews and it's free. She starts the download and accepts all the licenses to download the app which then begins to download onto her phone at exactly 1gb. It downloads pretty fast because they have a wifi tower right behind the Apple Shop, which makes the lines go faster no matter how big the app is. Once Mia’s download is done she leaves and heads back to the microsoft office. Once she is back into the building Jhin helps Mia set up the app so that when she gets calls it is easier for her to make appointments. When Mia is all set up she finally sits at her desk and gets a call asking for an appointment with Jhin at 10am next Wednesday. She opens the Scheduling Coordinator app and puts in the time and day that this appointment will happen and when she saves it fully saves the business system. At this point it is about to be 5pm which is when Mia’s shift ends so she signs out and packs her things. She gets back into her grey suv and drives back to her micro apartment in the downtown area. Mia makes pasta for dinner and decides to watch tv for the rest of the night, once it turns to 10:30pm she decides to go to bed and do it all over again the next day.

## Micro Essay
The key moment in my story came when Mia’s boss Mr.Jhin told Mia to download the Scheduling Coordination app on her iphone at the Apple Shop. Since in this version of 2015 we don't have an “App Store” that lets you download apps from your house. This demonstrates the old and new version of media by the old being the Nokia phone that had a snake game on it, which wasn’t looked at as an app game, but it really was. And now in this version of 2015 we have the Apple Shop which allows you to get multiple apps/games. The quote that I want to use from week 3 is as follows “that new media remediates old media” because in this case the Apple Shop remediates the old Nokia snake game because it now allows you to get multiple apps/games, which the Nokia was only able to get the one app/game. This quote means that new media can be the newest thing in the world, but it will always take ideas from its predecessor. This means that something new will always be compared and take inspiration from the old. I think the story invites people to really think about how much harder it would be to get apps without the “app store” ever existing. 

